# Amertat Theme

Amertat is a jekyll theme which I developed for my personal webpage, however, it can be esaily modified for different niches and usages.

## Setup
1. Install ruby and gem package manager.
1. Install jekyll
1. Clone this repository.
1. Run `bundle exec jekyll serve`. You can also run `jekyll serve` after the first time.

## Structure
1. The root directory cantains some markdown pages, gem files, and `_config.yml`. The pages can be modified from the correspoding `html` file in `/_layout`. The `_config.yml` defines some of the options of the site. You should re-run `jekyll serve` after modifying `_confing.yml`.
1. `/_data`: contains the data files
    1. `navigation.yml`: defines the navigation tabs 
1. `/_include`: contains the  files needed to construct the webpages.
    1. `head.html`: The code that goes inside the `<head>` tag of every page.
    1. `header.html`: The header of every `page`. contains the navigation bar.
    1. `footer.html`: The footer of every `page`.
1. `/_layout`: contains the layout the webpages.
    1. `base`: defines the `html` skeleton of every webpage.
    1. `page`: defines the webpages that follow a header-content-footer format.

1. `/_post`: the directory where the post should be placed. Must follow the jekyll's format.

1. `/_sass`: contains the stylesheets. Almost everything is defined in terms of variables in `_variables.scss`.

1. `/_site` and `.jekyll-cache`: generated by jekyll. Should not modify them.

1. `/assets`: contains pictures, logos, codes, etc.

## To Do 
1. Analytics ?! in `head.html`.

